NARRATOR: Our heroes have
now arrived in Fleurrh City,
where Serena's next Pokémon
Showcase is about to be held.
SERENA: One more Princess Key
to go. I've got to win it here!
ASH: Go for it! Just give
it everything you've got!
CLEMONT: You're going to
do fine. Just be confident!
BONNIE: Clemont's right!
We'll be cheering for you, too!
PIKACHU: [ENCOURAGING]
SERENA: Thanks.
That means a lot to me!
CLEMONT: Wonder what's going on?
BONNIE: So many people
MAN A: Amelia! You'll win your
third Princess Key! We know it!
WOMAN A: Can't wait to
see you in Master Class!
MAN B: Oh wow! Some‐ body
here will become Kalos Queen!
CLEMONT: So, I guess that
means she's going to enter
the Pokémon Showcase as well
BONNIE: She sure looks popular!
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
PIKACHU: [EATING]
ASH: Uh Is something wrong with
your stomach, Serena?
SERENA:
I'm fine.
ASH: You really need to eat a
lot of food before you compete.
Or you won't have
enough strength!
BONNIE: You know Ash always
eats a lotta food, right?
Gives him energy!
ASH: You bet!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
CLEMONT:
That's our Ash, all right.
SERENA: Okay! I'm all set to go!
BONNIE: Good luck, Serena!
ASH: We'll be
cheering for you big time!
CLEMONT: Just stay confident!
BRAIXEN: [HAPPY]
PANCHAM: [HAPPY]
BUNNELBY: [ENCOURAGING]
SYLVEON: [PLEASED]
CHESPIN: [ENCOURAGING]
SYLVEON: [SURPRISED]/[HAPPY]
CHESPIN: [BASHFUL]/[EXCITED]
SERENA: Thank you!
I'm sure we'll win!
SERENA: Here we go
AMELIA: Excuse me.
AMELIA: We're to be
on stage right away.
SERENA: Oh. Sorry
ESPEON: [REGAL]
ESPEON: [ATTENTIVE]
DRAGONAIR: [SEARCHING]
PANCHAM: [MIFFED]
SYLVEON: [INTIMIDATED]
SERENA: I guess we'd better get
ready, too.
BRAIXEN:
[AFFIRMATIVE]
SHOWCASE, ORGANIZER:
I've been waiting for you!
PALERMO: The performers
make the Showcase lively.
The performers
CONTEST ORGANIZER:
Yes, of course!
CONTEST ORGANIZER: It's just,
there's a performer
I'd like to introduce to you!
She's the daughter of a
highly regarded family
right here in Fleurrh City.
She's exceptional at all
things performance‐related!
CONTEST ORGANIZER:
We'd be honored
if you'd be her personal mentor.
PALERMO: I will only judge what
I see with my very own eyes.
CONTEST ORGANIZER: Oh, oh, oh
yes, of course!
I'm sure when you get to
see Amelia's performance
you'll be quite
pleased, and most astonished
PIERRE: Bonjour,
Pokémon lovers, and welcome!
Get ready for a
competition magnifique!
The Fleurrh City
Pokémon Showcase will delight,
as we present our
Rookie Class Division!
PIERRE: Alors, I'm your dream
world guide. Monsieur Pierre!
PIERRE: Tonight's winner
will be one step closer
to becoming Kalos Queen!
PIERRE: What will she win?
KLEFKI: [EXCITED]
PIERRE: This
beautiful Princess Key!
WOMAN: Serena? Kiri and Kazalie?
Please get ready.
SERENA, KIRI, KAZALIE: Right!
PIERRE: The Theme Performance
for today's Pokémon Showcase IS
CLEMONT: Rhyhorn?
BONNIE: Oh, wow! Look at
all those Rhyhorn! So cute!
ASH: A Rhyhorn performance? Whoa
PIKACHU: [CONFUSED]
PIERRE: Alors The Kalos
Queen must possess the power
to attract the
heart of a Pokémon.
PIERRE: So! The performer
who attracts the most Rhyhorn
within the time limit will move
on to the Freestyle Performance.
And it doesn't matter
how they accomplish it!
BONNIE: Hey, this is perfect!
ASH: Yeah!
Serena's great at this!
CLEMONT: But no one ever
knows exactly what will happen.
She's gotta stay
sharp the whole time!
PIERRE: Now for the first group
of performers. Here they are!
ASH: Serena!
CLEMONT: She's in the first
group!
BONNIE: You can do it,
Serena!
PIKACHU: [CHEERING]
CHESPIN: [CHEERING]
BUNNELBY: [CHEERING]
PIERRE: Maintenant let's begin!
KIRI: All right okay, come here!
SCRAGGY: [DEMANDING] KAZALIE:
Lilligant! Let's surround them!
LILLIGANT: [AFFIRMATIVE]
PANCHAM: [EXCITED]
BRAIXEN: [CALM]
PANCHAM: [CONFUSED]
RHYHORN: [SURPRISED]
RHYHORN: [CONSIDERING]
RHYHORN: [LOVESTRUCK]
SERENA: Now everybody stay calm,
'kay?
BRAIXEN: [STARTLED]
RHYHORN X LOTS: [CHARGING]
PIERRE: Wow! The Rhyhorn
are all heading to Serena!
ASH: I knew it.
CLEMONT: I knew it, too.
RHYHORN X LOTS: [AFFECTIONATE]
SERENA: Hey, wait! Hold on!
ASH: Of course. Those
Rhyhorn really like Serena!
BONNIE: No fair!
I wanna be cuddled, too!
BRAIXEN: [UNSURPRISED]
PANCHAM: [CONFUSED]
SERENA: Stop it! Cut it out!
KAZALIE: Lilligant!
Use Sweet Scent!
LILLIGANT: [SWEET SCENT MOVE]
RHYHORN X LOTS:
[HAPPY]/[AFFECTIONATE]
KAZALIE: Good Rhyhorn!
Over here!
PIERRE: Kazalie is attracting
the Rhyhorn with Sweet Scent!
ASH: Didn't think of that
PIERRE: Only a short time left!
SERENA: Sorry!
Let me through!
BABY RHYHORN: [SCARED]
SERENA: You were startled,
weren't you?
Everything's all
right
BABY RHYHORN: [GRUMPY]
SERENA: I know!
SERENA: The Rhyhorn
back home like it
when I scratch them right here.
BABY RHYHORN:
[SURPRISED]/[HAPPY]
SERENA: Okay now Nice and slow.
RHYHORN: [HAPPY]/[EXERTION]
PIERRE: Time is up!
PIERRE: Alors, the performer
with the most Rhyhorn is
PIERRE: Performer
Serena!
RHYHORN X 2: [AFFECTIONATE]
ASH: All right!
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
BONNIE: Go, Serena!
CLEMONT: I knew it!
PIERRE: Here is our final group
for the Theme Performance!
MAN C: Amelia!
CLEMONT: That performer sure
has the hometown advantage,
so it might not be that
easy a win for Serena.
PIERRE: Begin!
AMELIA: Espeon, Dragonair!
Attract, let's go!
ESPEON,
DRAGONAIR: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ESPEON, DRAGONAIR:
[ATTRACT MOVE]
AMELIA: Now,
everyone, come over here!
RHYHORN X LOTS:
[SURPRISED]/[LOVESTRUCK]
PIERRE: And the
final performer to move on
to the Freestyle
Performance is Amelia!
PIERRE: Ladies and
gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen,
we now begin the
Freestyle Performance,
lovingly choreographed by
our performers themselves!
PIERRE: You, the audience,
will be our judges.
Once all performances
have concluded,
please cast your vote by
lighting your Glow Casters
with the corresponding
color of the performer
you think did best.
PIERRE: Alors, here is
our first performer!
SERENA: There! You're
all set and ready to go!
BRAIXEN: [HAPPY]
SYLVEON: [WORRIED]
SERENA: Don't forget. We
practiced really hard for this.
SYLVEON: [UNSURE]
SERENA: I've got it!
SERENA: Have a Poké Puff.
Ash said eating
will give you lots of energy.
PANCHAM: [EXCITED]
SERENA: Of course you can
have one!
BRAIXEN: [EXCITED]
BRAIXEN: [GRATEFUL]
SYLVEON: [SURPRISED]
SERENA: And this
one's just for you.
SYLVEON: [UNSURE]
SYLVEON: [EATING]/[HAPPY]
SERENA: Sylveon? It's
okay if we're not perfect.
SERENA: So, let's
just dance and have fun!
You dance wonderfully.
Let's go show them!
SYLVEON: [AGREEMENT]
SERENA: Let's have a
great time out on stage!
SYLVEON: [HAPPY]
BRAIXEN: [AFFIRMATIVE]
PANCHAM: [AFFIRMATIVE]
PIERRE: And now it's time
for our next performer. Amelia!
ASH: "Who's that Pokémon?"
ASH, SERENA,
CLEMONT, BONNIE: "It's Espeon!"
AMELIA: Go!
DRAGONAIR, ESPEON: [EXERTION]
AMELIA: All right,
Espeon, use Psychic!
Dragonair, Dragon Dance!
ESPEON: [PSYCHIC MOVE]
DRAGONAIR: [DRAGON DANCE MOVE]
DRAGONAIR: [EXERTION]
AMELIA: Espeon and Dragonair!
Use Attract!
DRAGONAIR, ESPEON:
[ATTRACT MOVE]
AMELIA: Espeon, Rain Dance!
ESPEON: [RAIN DANCE MOVE]
AMELIA: Now Dragonair!
Use Ice Beam!
DRAGONAIR: [ICE BEAM MOVE]
AMELIA: Hyper Voice!
ESPEON: [HYPER VOICE MOVE]
AMELIA: Finished!
BONNIE: Beautiful
CLEMONT: Just what you'd expect
from one of the top contenders.
PIKACHU: [CONCERNED]
CHESPIN: [LOVESTRUCK]
BONNIE: Uh oh! I think that
Attract is working on Chespin!
PIERRE: Next up? It's Serena!
ASH: There she is!
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
BONNIE: Hi, Serena!
CLEMONT: Just relax. Just relax
SERENA: Braixen, Flamethrower!
BRAIXEN, PANCHAM,
SYLVEON: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BRAIXEN: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
BRAIXEN, SYLVEON,
PANCHAM: [EXERTION]
SERENA: Fairy Wind, go!
SYLVEON: [FAIRY WIND MOVE]
SERENA: Pancham, you're up!
PANCHAM: [EXERTION]
SYLVEON: [EXERTION]
PANCHAM: [STONE EDGE MOVE]
ASH: Serena's doing great!
PIKACHU: [CHEERING]
BONNIE: Looks like
they're having fun!
ASH: You bet! It's a
lotta fun watching them, too!
PIKACHU, CHESPIN: [AGREEMENT]
SERENA: Now let's wrap it up!
BRAIXEN, PANCHAM,
SYLVEON: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BRAIXEN: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
SYLVEON: [SWIFT MOVE]
SERENA: Ta‐da!
PANCHAM: [HAPPY]
SYLVEON: [HAPPY]
BRAIXEN: [HAPPY]
SERENA: Wasn't that lots of fun?
BRAIXEN, PANCHAM,
SYLVEON: [AGREEMENT]
PIERRE: Alors, who will be our
beautiful and elegant winner?
PIERRE: Please light your
Glow Casters with the color
that corresponds to the
performer who you think
was the best.
PIERRE: Un, deux, trois!
PIERRE: We have the results!
The Fleurrh City
Pokémon Showcase winner
PIERRE: is Serena!
SERENA: All right!
ASH: Awesome! Yeah!
CHESPIN: [EXCITED]
PIKACHU: [CHEERING]
BONNIE: Yay, she did it!
PIERRE: And, as promised,
our winner will now receive
this elegant and beautiful
Princess Key!
KLEFKI: [HAPPY]
SERENA: Ta‐da!
I just received my third
Princess Key
and we did it
together!
BRAIXEN, PANCHAM,
SYLVEON: [EXCITED]
PIERRE: Congratulations on
winning your third Princess Key.
You now have the opportunity
to compete in the Master Class!
SERENA: It's true.
It's happening!
SYLVEON: [HAPPY]
BRAIXEN: [PROUD]
PANCHAM: [HAPPY]
SERENA: Ta‐da! Yeah!
SHAUNA: Congratulations, Serena!
SERENA: Thanks!
It's like a dream.
I'm going to stand on
the same stage as Aria!
SHAUNA: It's not a dream!
You're going to compete
against her as a performer!
SERENA: I really am, aren't I?
SHAUNA: That's right.
And me, too!
SHAUNA: That's why
I'm practicing really,
really hard for my
Master Class performance.
SERENA: Well,
I'm not going to lose!
BONNIE: Okay, Serena,
we're ready for you!
SERENA: Shauna, I have to go.
SHAUNA: 'Kay!
BONNIE: Hurry, hurry! It's
important!
SERENA: What's the
rush? We don't have to hurry
CLEMONT: We're celebrating
your chance to compete in
the Master Class!
SERENA, BRAIXEN,
PANCHAM, SYLVEON: Amazing!
PANCHAM: [EXCITED]SYLVEON:
[HAPPY]
SERENA: You made
all of this food?
CLEMONT: Yes, and there's
plenty, so eat all you want.
CLEMONT: I even made special
food for Braixen
and the other Pokémon.
PANCHAM: [EXCITED]
BRAIXEN:
[GRATEFUL]SYLVEON: [HAPPY]
CLEMONT: There's more
than enough for everyone.
ASH, BONNIE: Yeah!
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
CHESPIN: [EXCITED]
PIKACHU, NOIBAT, DEDENNE,
BRAIXEN, BUNNELBY, TALONFLAME,
SYLVEON, LUXRAY,
HAWLUCHA, GRENINJA: [EATING]
PANCHAM: [SURPRISED]
CHESPIN: [OFFERING]
CHESPIN: [CONGRATULATING]
PANCHAM: [GRATEFUL]
BUNNELBY: [HAPPY]
DEDENNE: [OFFERING]
SERENA: Braixen?
Pancham? Sylveon?
It's time for a good brushing!
BRAIXEN, PANCHAM: [EAGER]
WOMAN: So is this
what you're looking for?
SERENA: Yes.
SERENA: Thank you so very much!
WOMAN: You're welcome.
SERENA: Now, let's go
back so I can brush you.
SYLVEON: [EXCITED]
PANCHAM: [EXCITED]
BRAIXEN: [EXCITED]
AMELIA: Hold on!
AMELIA: This is unacceptable!
AMELIA: Mine was a much more
polished performance
than hers was!
SERENA: Is that
PANCHAM: [CURIOUS]
BRAIXEN: [SHUSHING]
PALERMO: Yet the fact remains
you lost.
PALERMO: That's simply
how the audience judged it.
PALERMO: Isn't there
something more productive
you could be doing now?
AMELIA: But I want to become a
better performer than Aria!
PALERMO: You can't just
win with a perfect score.
The only person who can come
up with something more than that
is you.
PALERMO: Young lady?
PALERMO: What are
you doing there?
SERENA: I'm sorry! I didn't
mean to eavesdrop, I promise!
PALERMO: About your win,
Are you satisfied with
the way you performed?
SERENA: I think
what I did was fun!
PANCHAM: [AGREEMENT]
SYLVEON: [AGREEMENT]
BRAIXEN:[AGREEMENT]
PALERMO: I see.
PALERMO: What's next?
PALERMO: There's
something you definitely lack
to be Kalos Queen.
PALERMO: Until you
know what that is,
you'll never be
able to defeat Aria.
SYLVEON: [CONCERNED]
SERENA: Yeah, I'm fine.
Let's go back.
SERENA: Something
I definitely lack
PIERRE: Alors! The winner of the
Fleurrh City Pokémon Showcase
Rookie Class is Serena!
We all look forward to many more
magnifique future performances
from this bright young lady!
BONNIE: Isn't it cool?
You're on TV all the time!
PIERRE: But wait.
The much anticipated Pokémon
Showcase Master Class location
has been decided!
ASH: Whoa, check it out!
PIERRE: Gloire City is where our
gifted performers
will gather
next.
So, we all look
forward to an elegant and
exciting performance.
SERENA: Wow, it's Gloire City.
SERENA: It's kind of
far from Snowbelle City
ASH: Then that's that.
Let's head to Gloire City!
SERENA: But, Ash
ASH: Wait up, Serena!
SERENA: Hurry it up,
you guys! Quick!
CLEMONT: Whether we
hurry it up or not,
Gloire City
isn't going anywhere!
SERENA: Let's hurry anyway!
Thinking too much won't
help.
For now, I've got to
keep moving forward!
NARRATOR: After winning
her third Princess Key,
Serena can now
compete in the Master Class!
Although many challenges
stand between her and her goal
to become Kalos Queen,
the journey continues!